OSDOCS-4903: Edits and revisions per PM for 4.13 (#55130)
openshift/openshift-docs: microshift_getting_started/microshift-architecture.adoc

[id="microshift-architectural-design_{context}"]
== Architectural design

> {product-title} is a single-node container orchestration runtime designed to extend the benefits of using containers for running applications to low-resource edge environments. {product-title} contains only the APIs and features essential to operating in edge and small form factor computing environments. {product-title} is tasked with only the following Kubernetes cluster services:

Reviewer: If we're rewording this, maybe we can emphasize MicroShift as a platform for deploying apps, but not so much for developing them (in the way that OCP is)?

I'm not sure about the word "services" here. That can have a very specific meaning that doesn't apply in the example. Is a generic term like "features" OK? Or "capabilities"?

```suggestion
{product-title} is a single-node container orchestration runtime designed to extend the benefits of using containers for running applications to low-resource edge environments. {product-title} contains only the APIs and features essential to deploying applications in edge computing environments. {product-title} is tasked with only the following Kubernetes cluster services:
```

Author: Yep, took another stab at fleshing that out.

* Networking
* Ingress
* Storage
* Helm

{product-title} also provides the following Kubernetes functions:

* Orchestration
* Security

> {product-title} is optimized when used with a compatible operating system, such as {op-system-ostree-first}. When used together, {product-title} and {op-system-ostree-first} form {op-system-bundle}. {product-title} can also be deployed as a component by users of {OCP}.

Reviewer: The last sentence makes it sound like you would deploy MicroShift on top of OpenShift, but that's not the case. I suggest removing it. If we need to document here that OpenShift users are entitled to use MicroShift, we should find another way to say that.

```suggestion
{product-title} is optimized when used with a compatible operating system, such as {op-system-ostree-first}. When used together, {product-title} and {op-system-ostree-first} form {op-system-bundle}.
```

Author: Maybe something like, 
Users of {OCP} can create {product-title} deployments separately from other platform services.

Reviewer: What's the goal of including any statement about OCP users at all? Are we trying to talk about how MicroShift is tied to subscriptions? Or are we trying to talk about the technical relationship between OCP and MicroShift?

Author: The purpose to let OCP users know they can try this out since there is no mention in the OCP docs.

Reviewer: OK, I don't necessarily think this document is the best place for that. We will have blog posts, press releases, etc. for announcements like that and they will explain which subscriptions are entitled to use MicroShift.

.{product-title} as part of {op-system-bundle}.

> image::microshift-RHDE-Tech-Overview.png[<{product-title} is tasked with only the Kubernetes cluster services networking, ingress, storage, helm, with additional Kubernetes functions of orchestration and security.>]

Reviewer: "services" again, see earlier comment

Author: I realized the graphic actually says "Kubernetes services," which is why I used the term. Is it not accurate on the slide? I can edit that as well. I was thinking "capabilities."

Author: We'll leave the "services" on the graphic, but we can tweak the technical language in the docs to "capabilities."

* Compatible with RPM-OStree-based systems
* Uses only the APIs needed for essential functions, such as security and runtime controls
* Enables a subset of commands from the OpenShift CLI (`oc`) tool

> * Does not support high availability (HA) by the adding of worker nodes

Reviewer: I can't comment on the line in this PR, but I'm not quite sure what "Application-level events and metrics are observation-only" means.

Author: It means no admin is done, just observation.

.{product-title} differences from {oke}.

> image::microshift-RHDE-v-OpenShiftKE.png[<{product-title} is tasked with only the Kubernetes cluster services networking, ingress, storage, helm, with additional Kubernetes functions of orchestration and security.>]

Reviewer: "services" again

> Figure 2 shows that {oke} performs many more cluster services, such as:

Reviewer: https://www.redhat.com/en/technologies/cloud-computing/openshift/kubernetes-engine implies that although an OKE deployment may include a bunch of these features, they aren't supported with an OKE subscription.

Author: @DanielFroehlich Would it be more accurate to show this as a comparison with OCP?

Author: @DanielFroehlich can you weigh in? We went over in the graphics meeting, but can you recap here for @dhellmann?

* Networking
* Ingress
* Storage

> * Helm

Author: These are also on the drawings (both sets). The lists are for scannability and for those using screen readers to access the content.

> * Helm

Reviewer 2: Okay, but the text about the bullet lists says "Figure 2 shows that {oke} performs many **more** cluster services". So, Network...Helm are not additional services the OKE has and USHIFT not. These are on BOTH. To make this clear, we could make two bulleted lists: "These are the services that both OKE and USHIFT bring: (Networking....Helm). OKD providese these ADDITIONAL services which are NOT available directly with MicroShift (they might be available indirectly via other features and function)."

my goal here is to show a simple list of feature that are NOT available to MicroShift for people to understand that.
